CPSC 453 
Assignment 4
Cameron Hardy
ID 10084560
Submitted November 22nd, 2016

I took screenshots of all my scenes, but most of them are animated, so check em out.
Also I semi-implemented relfections/refractions, but GLSL doesn't allow recursion and it didn't work so the code for reflections is currently unused.

I didn't do any file parsing, so every scene is hard coded into it's own fragment shader file.

You can move the camera around, or let the camera follow a set path. FOV can be controlled or animated. Object positions, colors, and lights can all be animated. The first scene can be anit-aliased, but it takes a while to render (it does a 16x supersampling of every pixel). Finally there is also a 3d anaglyph mode that kind of works.

Everything is mostly realtime, except for 16x anti-aliasing (obviously XD).

If you decide to render it, the first time always takes a really long time. Even though the anti-aliasing is contained within an if statement, it seems to still run and slow down the initial render. Just give it a minute, wait unitl you see the ball start moving.

To run:
Open the folder in terminal and type 'make'
Type './a.out'

Press 1-4 to select your scene.
Use wasd to move across the x and z axis.
Use the up/down arrows to move across the y axis.
Press =/- to increase/decrease the FOV, respectively.
Press left/right to change camera modes/motion.
Press space for 3d anaglyph. Bust out your 3d glasses from that Spy Kids 3d movie, put em on and enjoy.
ON SCENE ONE ONLY Press f to toggle anti-aliasing.
Press escape to quit.

Scene 1 has two lights, one cold, one warm. The ball hovers up and down.
Scene 2 also has two lights, one cold, one warm. The cone's color pulsates between shades of green.
Scene 3 has two lights, one of which pulsate between colors and brightness. The camera moves up and down by default. Put on some vaporwave and enjoy the A E S T H E T I C.
Scene 4 is just a trip. Think super hexagon.

As far as collaborators go, I think I talked to Susant about rotations and reflections. 








The end.